--- Sheet: Paths & Battlefields ---
Ring 	Path	VP's	Def.	Effects		Battlefield	VP's	Def.	Effects	Defender	Defender	Attacker	Attacker	Attacker
1	Bag End	1		Hobbit player draws 2 cards		Helms Deep	2	2	Rohan player draws 5 cards, may play 1 Army or Charcter on Helms deep, cycles rest	Wizard	Rohan	Isengard
1	Gildors Encampment	1	1	The Elf player draws 1 card and then cycles 1 card from hand		Edoras	1	1	Activate Helms deep if in Free Peoples battleground deck	Wizard	Rohan	Isengard
1	Bucklebury Ferry	1	1	The Mordor and Hobbit player draw each 1 card		Rivendel	2	2	Elf player draws 1 card and then cycles 1 card from hand	Wizard	Elf	Monstrous
2	The old forest	2	1	Each Free Peoples must forsake 1 card		Lorien	2	2	(Re)activate Dol Guldur	Wizard	Elf	Monstrous	Mordor
2	Inn of The prancing pony	2	1	Each Shadow player draws 2 cards		Minas Tirith	3	3	Dunedain player MAY forsake 1 card to draw 3 cards	Wizard	Dunedain	Southron	Mordor
2	Weathertop	2		The Mordor player draws 2 cards		Dol Amroth	1	2	Dunedain player MAY forsake 1 card to draw 1 card	Wizard	Dunedain	Southron
3	Fords of Bruinen	1		Each Free Peoples player must forsake 1 card and then draws 3 cards		Pelargir	1	1	Dunedain player MAY forsake 1 card to draw 1 card	Wizard	Dunedain	Southron
3	Imladris (Rivendel)	1	1	The Elf player draws 2 cards		Moria	1	2	Monstrous player draws 2 cards	Monstrous		Wizard	Dwarf	Elf 
3	The council of Elrond	1	1	Each Free Peoples player draws 1 card		Dol Guldur	1	2	Lorien must be (re)activated		Mordor	Wizard		Elf 
4	Caradhras	2		Each Free Peoples must forsake 1 card		Minas Morgul	2	2	Morder player draws 5 cards, may play 1 Nazgûl character in Reserve, cycles rest		Mordor	Wizard		Dunedain
4	The doors of Durin	2		The Monstrous player MAY forsake 1 card to add 1 attack marker to this path		Morannon	2	2	Morder player draws 5 cards, may play 1 Army and cycles rest	Southron	Mordor	Wizard	Rohan	Dunedain
4	Khazad-Dûm (Moria)	2		The Monstrous player draws 2 cards		Harad	1	1	Each Shadow player draws 1 card	Southron		Wizard		Dunedain
5	Dimrill Dale	1		Each Shadow player must cycle 2 cards from hand		Umbar	1	2	Each Shadow player draws 1 card	Southron		Wizard		Dunedain
5	Egladil	1	1	Each Free Peoples player draws 2 cards and then cycles 1 card from hand		Orthanc	2	2	Isengard player may take Saruman from draw/cycle deck into hand; recycles cycle pile	Isengard		Wizard	Rohan
5	Lothlorien (Lorien)	1	2	The Elf player draws 1 card and then cycles 1 card from hand
6	Amon Hen	2		The Mordor player draws 1 card and then cycles 1 card from hand
6	Emyn Muil	2		Each Free Peoples must forsake 1 card
6	Dead Marshes	2	1	The Monstrous player draws 2 cards
7	Osgiliath	1		The Dunedain player MAY forsake 1 card to draw 3 cards
7	The Cross Roads	1		Each Free Peoples player draws 1 card
7	Henneth Annûn	1	1	The Dunedain player draws 1 card
8	Morgul Vale	2		The Morder player draws 5 cards, may play 1 Nazgûl character and cycles rest
8	Cirith Ungol	2		The Morder player draws 5 cards, may play 1 Army and cycles rest
8	Shelob's Lair	2		The Monstrous player draws 2 cards
9	Morgai	3		 SP adds 1 attack marker to this path
9	Orodruin	3		The Mordor player draws 2 cards
9	Crack of (mount) Doom 	3		The Monstrous player draws 2 cards

--- Sheet: Aragorn ---
Type	Name	Path/to	Strength	Attack 	Defense	Effect
Army	Dead man of Dunharow			*	*	+ 2 Attack and + 2 defense tokens when I22supporting Strider or Aragorn
Army	Knights of Dol Amroth			1	1*	*= + 1 Defense token on Dol Amroth
Army	Guards of the Citadel			1	1*	*= + 1 Defense token on Minas Tirith
Army	Soldiers of Gondor			1	1
Army	The Greatt Gate				*	* = +3 Defense token on Minas Tirith. This card can never played or moved to a Shadow battleground.
Char.	Aragorn			1 + (1)	1 + (1)	When played remove Strider from the game. While in reserve draw +1 card in the Draw step. If forsaken from top of the draw deck, cycle instead.
Char.	Boromir	3-6	1	(1)	1	When played draw 1 card. When played or moved to a path, you MUST forsake 1 card.
Char.	Denethor			(1)	(1)	If in reserve, you may use your action and forsake 1 card to take Boromir OR Faramir from your draw deck into hand
Char.	Faramir	7-8	1	(1)	1	If played or moved to a path 7, you may activate a different path of the same #
Char.	Halbarad	2-3	1	(1)	1	If in reserve, you may use your action and cycle this card to take Strider OR Aragorn from your draw deck into hand
Char.	Prince Imrahil			(1)	1	When played you may cycle 1 card from handto take Knights of Dol Amroth from the draw deck into hand
Char.	Strider	2-6	2	1	1	If on a path 7, you may use your action to activate a path of the next higher #. If Aragorn is played remove Strider from the game.
Char.	Ioreth				(1)	After combat on a battleground, Ioreth is cycled with 1 other non-Wizard character instead of being eliminated. Any wielded items ARE eliminated.
Item	Andûril	Strider/Aragorn	1	1	1	If in reserve, you may use your action to (re)activate any Dunedain battleground, then you MUST move the wielder (active or not) to that battelground.
Item	Blade of Westernesse	Hobbit	1	1	1
Event	Paths of the Dead					Forsake 2 cards and then draw 4 cards (or 5 if Strider/ Aragorn is in play).
Event	The Red Arrow					This Round Rohan cards may be played on Dunedain battlegrounds
Event	The three Hunters					This Round Strider/Aragorn, Gimli and Legolas may be moved or played on any battleground and supported by any FP army.
Army 	High Elves			2	2
Army 	High Elves			2	2
Char.	Arwen				-1	When played draw 1 card. While in reserve, add 1 Defense Token to Strider or Aragorn on a path or battleground
Char.	Elrond	3	2	1+(1)	1+(1)	When played draw 1 card. While in reserve increase your carryover limit by 1.
Char.	Galadriel	5	2	1+(1)	1+(1)	When played draw 1 card. While in reserve draw +1 card in the Draw step, then cycle 1 card from hand.
Char.	Legolas	3-9	1	1	1	When played you may take the Bow of Galadhrim from your draw deck into hand.
Item	Bow of Galadhrim	Elf	1	1	1	The wielder of this card can not wield another weapon.
Item	Elven Cloak	Hobbit or Elf	1			If its wielder is eliminated in PATH combat, cycle the wielder instead along with any wielded items
Item	Lembas	Hobbit				If on a path, the Hobbit player may use an action to eliminate this card to remove 1 corruption token for each Hobbit character on the path
Item	Mirror of Galadriel 	Galadriel				While in play, you may alway examine the top card of your draw deck
Item	Nenya, Ring of Adamant	Galadriel				If in reserve, you may use your action and cycle this card to add 1 Defense token to the active path OR an active battleground
Item	Phial of Galadriel 	Frodo or Sam				If on a path, add 2 Defense tokens to the path
Item	Vilya, Ring of Air	Elrond	1	1	1	If in reserve, you may use your action and cycle this card so that each FP player draws 1 card.

--- Sheet: Frodo ---
Type	Name	Path/to 	Strength	Attack 	Defense	Effect
Char.	Gimli	3-9	1	1	1	When played you may take "Dwarevn Axe" from your cycle pile into your hand
Item	Dwarven Axe		1	1	1
Char.	Frodo Baggins	1-9	1			If eliminated or being forsaken, cycle instead (any wielded items ARE eliminated).
Char.	Merry Brandybuck	1-9	1		(1)	May be played or moved to a Rohan battleground supported by a Rohan army. If eliminated in PATH combat, cycle instead and any wielded items
Char.	Pippin Took	1-9	1		(1)	May be played or moved to a Dunedain battleground supported by a Dunedain army. If eliminated in PATH combat, cycle instead and any wielded items
Char.	Sam Gamgee	1-9	1			If in reserve, you may use your action and cycle this card (+ any with wielded items) to add 1 Defense token to the active path
Char.	Bilbo Baggins	3	1			If eliminated or being forsaken, cycle instead and any wielded items. If in reserve you may use your action and cycle this card to draw 2 cards.
Char.	Fatty Bolger					If in reserve and when forsaken, cycle instead and any wielded items. If in reserve you may use your action and eliminate this card to draw 3 cards.
Item	Herbs & stewed Rabbit	Frodo, Sam				If in play, you may use your action and eliminate this card to take 1 Hobbit Character from the cycle pile into your hand and draw 1 card
Item	Sting	Frodo, Sam				If the wielder is on a path with a Monstrous Character then add 1 Defense token to the active path
Item	Mithril Coat	Frodo, Sam	2
Event	There is another way					Activate and select a different path with the same number as the active path and add 1 Defense token to the new path
Army	Riders of Rohan			2	1
Army	Riders of Rohan			2	1
Army	Village Militia			1	1
Char.	Eomer			1	(1)	When played draw 5 cards; from these play up to 1 Rohan army and cycle the rest
Char.	Eowyn			1	(1)	When played to a battleground you may eliminate 1 Nazgûl character. When played to reserve you may take Merry or Pippin from cycle pile into hand.
Char.	Ghan-Buri-Ghan				(1)	While in reserve, Rohan cards may be played or moved to Minas Tirith
Char.	Theoden			*	*	*= +1 if Gandalf is in play. When played draw 5 cards; from these play up to 1 Rohan card and cycle the rest
Item	Shadowfax	Gandalf		1	1	While in reserve, you may use your action to (re)activate any battleground, then you MUST move the wielder (Gandalf) to that battleground
Event	Death! Ride, ride to ruin					Eliminate any number of Rohan cards in reserve; the Mordor player must then eliminate the same number of Mordor cards from active battlegrounds
Char.	Gandalf the Grey	1-9	3	2	2	If on a path, you may use your action to activate a path of the next higher #. If GtW is played, eliminate GtG
Char.	Gandalf the White 			2	3	When played remove GtG from the game; While in reserve draw +1 card in each Draw step. If forsaken from top of the draw deck, cycle instead
Char.	Treebeard (Ent)	5-6	1	1*	1	* = +1 on Orthanc. If played/moved to a battleground Isengard player must eliminate 1 Isengard army
Char.	Quickbeam (Ent)	5-6	1	*	*	* = 1 for every 2 Isengard Character/Armies on the same battleground
Char.	Smeagol	6-9	1			If on a path, you may use your action to activate a path of the next higher #; add 1 corruption token. If eliminated in PATH combat, cycle instead
Char.	Gwaihir the Windlord	9	1	1	1	If in reserve, you may use your action to cycle this card to take Gandalf from your cycle pile into hand
Item	Gandalfs Staff	Gandalf	1	1	1	While in play increase your carryover limit by 1
Item	Glamdring 	Gandalf	1	1	1
Item	Narya, Ring of Fire	Gandalf	1	1	1	If in reserve, you may use your action to cycle this card so that each Shadow player must cycle 1 card from hand
Item	Ent-draught	Ent				If in play, you may use your action and eliminate this card to take 2 Hobbit Characters from the cycle pile into hand 

--- Sheet: Saruman ---
Type	Name	Path/to	Strength	Attack 	Defense	Effect
Army	Devilry of Satruman			3
Army	Fighting Uruk-Hai			1	2
Army	Wolf Riders			2	1
Army	White Hand Orcs			1	1
Army	White Hand Orcs			1	1
Char.	Grima Wormtongue	1-2/5-6	1			If in reserve you may use your action and eliminate this card to either take Saruman from the draw deck in hand or eliminate a Rohan Character
Char.	Saruman	5-6	2	1 + (1)	1 + (1)	While in reserve draw +1 card in the Draw step. If forsaken from top of the draw deck, cycle instead.
Char.	Ugluk	5-6	1	(1)	(1)	If on a path you may use your action to activate a different path of the same #
Item	Palantir	Saruman				If in reserve, once per Round you may use your action to examine the top 3 cards of the draw deck; from these elminate 1, cycle 1 and take 1 in hand
Item	Saruman's Staff	Saruman	1	1	1	While in play increase your carryover limit by 1
Item	Woven of all colours	Saruman				If the wielder (Saruman) is eliminated in combat, cycle instead along with any wielded items
Event	Threats and Promises					If Saruman is in reserve (active or not), (re)activate any Isengard battleground of your choice, then you MAY move Saruman to that battleground
Army	Goblins Misty Mountains			1	1
Army	Goblins Misty Mountains			1	1
Char.	Barrow-Wights	1-3	1			If in reserve you may use your action and eliminate this card so each FP player must forsake 1 card
Char.	Flocks of Crebain	1-7	1			If on a path you may use your action to activate a different path of the same #.
Char.	Hill Troll	2-9	1	1	1	If in reserve you may use your action and eliminate this card so each FP player must forsake 1 card
Char.	Balrog	4-5	2*	2	2	*= +1 on Khazad-Dûm. When played or moved to a path or battleground each FP player must forsake 1 card
Char.	Caradhras	4-5	1			When played on Caradhras, activate a different path of the same #. If in reserve you may use your action and eliminate this card so each FP player must forsake 1 card
Char.	Cave Troll	4/8-9	1	1	1	If in reserve you may use your action and eliminate this card so each FP player must forsake 1 card
Char.	Candles of Corpses	6-7	1*			*= on Dead Marshes. If in reserve you may use your action and eliminate this card so each FP player must forsake 1 card
Char.	Gollum	6-9	1			If on a path you may use your action to activate a different path of the same #. If Gollum is eliminated in path combat, cycle nstead
Char.	Shelob	7-9	1*			*= +1 on Shelob's Lair.When played or moved to a path or battleground each FP player must forsake 1 card
Item	Whip of many Thongs	Balrog	1	1	1	When played, draw 1 card.
Army	Haradrim Mûmakil			2	1
Army	Coastal Raiders			1*	1	*= +1 on Dol Amroth battleground. If in reserve you may use your action and eliminate this card to activate Dol Amroth if in FP battleground deck
Army	Haradrim Cavalry			1*	1	*= +1 on Minas Tirith battleground. If in reserve you may use your action and eliminate this card to activate Minas Tirith if in FP battleground deck
Army	The Black Fleet			1*	1	*= +1 on Pelargir battleground. If in reserve you may use your action and eliminate this card to activate Pelargir if in FP battleground deck
Army	Corsairs of Umbar			1	1	If in reserve you may use your action and eliminate this card to activate Umbar if in Shadows player battleground deck
Army	Haradrim Regulars			1	1	If in reserve you may use your action and eliminate this card to activate Harad if in Shadows player battleground deck
Char.	The Black Serpent			(1)	(1)	If in reserve you may use your action and eliminate this card to reactivate any Southron battleground

--- Sheet: Witchking ---
Type	Name	Path/to	Strength	Attack 	Defense	Effect
Army	Grond, hammer underworld			3
Army	Olog-Hai			2	2
Army	Trolls of Udûn			1	2
Army	Black Uruks			2	1
Army	Mordor Orcs			1	1
Army	Mordor Orcs			1	1
Army	Mordor Orcs			1	1
Army	Mordor Orcs			1	1
Army	Mordor Orcs			1	1
Char.	The Witch-King (Nazgûl)	1-3/5-9	2	2		While in reserve draw +1 card in the draw step. If forsaken from top of the draw deck, cycle instead.
Char.	The Reaver (Nazgûl)	1-3/5-9	1	(1)		If in reserve you may use your action and cycle this card so that each FP player must forsake 1 card
Char.	The Beguiler (Nazgûl)	1-3/5-9	1	(1)		If in reserve you may use your action and cycle this card so that each FP player must cycle 1 card from hand
Char.	The Hunter (Nazgûl)	1-3/5-9	1	(1)		If in reserve you may use your action and cycle this card to add 1 Attack token to an active path
Char.	The Messenger (Nazgûl)	1-3/5-9	1	(1)		If in reserve you may use your action and cycle this card to take a Nzagûl character from the cycle pile into hand
Char.	The Black Easterling (Nazgûl)	1-3/5-9	1	(1)	(1)*	*= +1 Defense token on Dol Guldur. When played draw 1 card.
Char.	The Commander (Nazgûl)	1-3/5-9	1	(1)		If in reserve you may use your action and cycle this card so that each Shadow player draws 1 card
Char.	The Destroyer (Nazgûl)	1-3/5-9	1	(1)		If in reserve you may use your action and cycle this card to add 1 Attack token to an active battleground
Char.	The Warrior (Nazgûl)	1-3/5-9	1	(1)		If in reserve you may use your action and cycle this card to add 1 Defense token to an active battleground
Char.	Grishnakh	6-7	1	(1)		When on a path you may use your action and eliminate this card to add 1 corruption token 
Char.	Mouth of Sauron	7-9	1	(1)	(1)	This card can not be played or moved to a path if a Shadow battleground is active. While in reserve draw +1 card in the draw step.
Char.	Gorbag & Shagrat	8-9	*		(1)	*= When played or moved to a path you may cycle 1 card from hand to add 1 attack token or 2 tokens if Cirith Ungol is the active path
Char.	The Lidless Eye	9	1			Cannot be played/moved to a path if a SP-battleground is active.When played each SP draws 1 card. While in reserve increase your COL by 1
Char.	Gothmog					While in reserve draw +1 card in the draw step. When played remove the Witch-King from the game.
Item	Nazgûls Mantle 	Nazgûl				If its Nazgûl is eliminated in combat, cycle it instead along with any wielded items
Item	Black Breath	Nazgûl				If on a path or battleground you may use your action and cycle this card, its Nazgûl and any wielde items to add 1 corruption token
Item	Black Riders Mount	Nazgûl				When played on a Nazgûl in reserve (active or not), you may immediately move them to a path
Item	Fell Beast	Nazgûl				When played on a Nazgûl in reserve (active or not), you may immediately move them to a battleground
Item	Morgul Blade	Nazgûl				If on a path you may use your action and eliminate this card to add 1 corruption token
Event	The Black Captain					If the Witch-King is in reserve (active or not), (re)activate any Mordor battleground, then you MAY move the Witch-King to this battleground 
Event	The Ringwraiths are abroad					Draw 7 cards, eliminate 1 and play up to 2 Nazgûl Characters, cycle the rest
Event	The Day without Dawn					Draw 7 cards, eliminate 1 and play up to 2 armies, cycle the rest

